Title : Connect with Sustainable Land Based Materials Location: South Africa Duration: 6 day Option Start date: 1 May 2017
Cape Town is Southern Africa’s most beautiful, most romantic and most visited city. Its physical setting is extraordinary, something its pre-colonial Khoikhoi inhabitants acknowledged when they referred to Table Mountain,the city’s most famous landmark, as Hoerikwaggo –
the mountains in the sea. Even more extraordinary is that so close to the national park that extends over much of the peninsula, there’s a pumping metropolis with a nightlife that matches the city’s wildlife. tipple at a Constantia wine estate in the afternoon and party the night away in a Long Street club. All in a Cape Town day. TRANSPORT LODGING & MEALS Date Destination Name Location Room Type No. Nights Day 1 Day 2 Day 3 Day 4 Day 5 Day 6 OR Tambo International Airport to Pretoria Marble Hall / Groblersdal, Mpumalanga Tonga, Mpumalanga From Game Lodge to Kruger Park Airport Mpumalanga via JHB to Durban, Kwa-Zulu Natal Durban Airport to Pietermaritzburg to Hotel Durban Hotel to Durban Airport Durban to Port Elizabeth, Eastern Cape Port Elizabeth to Knysna, Garden Route Knysna to Oudtshoorn to George, Western Cape George To Cape Town Fire & Ice Hotel Menlyn, Pretoria Single Occupany & breakfast Die Raasblaar Lodge Marble Hall & Groblersdal Single Occupany & breakfast Shishangeni Game Lodge Near Kruger National Park Single Occupany, all meals, game drives Hilton Hotel Durban Single Occupany & breakfast Protea Hotel Knysna Single Occupany & breakfast 1 1 1 1 1 Kruger National Park, in northeastern South Africa, is one of Africa’s largest game reserves. Its high density of wild animals includes the Big 5: elephants and buffalos. lions, leopards, rhinos. Hundreds of other mammals make their home here, as do diverse bird species such as vultures, eagles and storks.
Mountains, bush plains and tropical forests are all part of the landscape. Date Day 1 Day 2 VISITS AND SIGHTSEEING Venue Town/City Topic Arriving OR Tambo Airport Kempton Park, Gauteng Book into Hotel in Pretoria, day of leisure Cotton SA Cotton Gin Pretoria, Gauteng Province Marble Hall, Limpopo Quality Control & laboratory & Overview Sustainable Cotton Cluster Visit cotton farm & cotton ginnery Day 3 Tonga Cotton Farming Tonga, Mpumalanga Nkomazi Municipality area, Cotton farming Development Game Farm Kruger National park Day 4 Prilla Spinning Mill Pietermaritzburg, Kwa-Zulu natal Powerhouse Clothing Durban Half day Tour Big 5 Game drives and viewing Visit cotton spinning mill / yarn Cotton Clothing manufacturer of SA Brands Valley of 1000 Hills, Zulu Village Day 5 African Hide Trading Port Elizabeth, Eastern Cape Visit hide, skin, wool & leather manufacturer Mohair Spinners Port Elizabeth, Eastern Cape Visit mohair spinning mills Garden Route Western Cape Sightseeing on route to Knysna, Bloukrans Bridge, Natures Valley, ect Knysna Lagoon Knysna, Western Cape Sunset & Dinner Cruise with cocktails Day 6 Kango Caves Oudtshoorn, Western Cape Adventure tour of caves in Swartberg Mountains Safari Ostrich Farm Oudtshoorn, Western Cape Tour of working farm from incubation to adulthood & Lunch & Wine The breathtaking Valley of a Thousand Hills is an exciting component of Durban and South Africa's province of KwaZulu-Natal - the Kingdom of the Zulu. The Valley of 1000 Hills is one of those few holiday destinations that has something for everyone. Unspoilt nature, wildlife, magnificent scenery, wining and dining, and warm country hospitality just a half an hour's drive from the centre of Durban. The area is named after the thousands of hills which tumble down to the mighty Umgeni River, which flows from the distant Drakensberg Mountains to the warm inviting Indian Ocean. The Garden Route is a stretch of the south-eastern coast of South Africa which extends from Mossel Bay in the Western Cape to the Storms River in the Eastern Cape.
The Cango Caves are located in Precambrian limestones at the foothills of the Swartberg range near the town of Oudtshoorn, in the Western Cape Province of South Africa. Our Ostrich Farm Tours is an unforgettable experience on Safari Ostrich Farm. During the tour where you will learn more about these remarkable birds and their fascinating nature. African Hide and Skins Your guide will explain every aspect of ostrich farming, from breeding to rearing. Breathtaking scenery, warm hospitality, South Africa’s Gourmet Capital, fine wines, distinctive artists, and a small village atmosphere.
These are the hallmarks of the picturesque Franschhoek Wine Valley, situated in the heart of the Cape Winelands. Angora Goats - Mohair Free-range Animal Husbandry - Farm Moorresburg This agenda is subject to change. 