SAMPLE TRIP ITINERARY & DESCRIPTION OF ACTIVITIES Day 1 ARRIVE IN THE DOMINICAN REPUBLIC TBF and FAW staff will meet you at Las Américas International Airport in Santo Domingo, so look for The Batey Foundation T-shirts! Since you will have had a long day of traveling, expect a snack of fresh fruit once you’ve loaded up the guagua. Whether you arrive in the middle of the day or the middle of the night, the drive to the home base house will be a great opportunity to begin getting a sense of the culture and history of the Dominican Republic. Day 2 MORNING: Breakfast & Orientation The group will gather for breakfast in our open-air eating area, following which TBF staff will lead the group in a few fun icebreakers and name-games. This will be your first opportunity to really get to know our in-country staff. After these games, TBF/FAW staff will conduct a thorough orientation of the home base house, the batey communities, and Dominican Republic as a whole. AFTERNOON: Lunch & Worksite Orientation The group will board the guagua and travel to San Luis where, after a walking tour of the batey and its TBF-constructed community center, the group will share lunch with TBF/FAW staff and members of the San Luis community. Next, you’ll board the guagua again and travel to Naranjo, the batey community where you will be working. There you will have the opportunity to tour the community and meet important community leaders. Afterward, at the worksite, you’ll learn all about construction in the Dominican Republic and play games with local children to help learn the Spanish names for the different tools you will be using during the week. EVENING: Dinner & Fiesta! Back at the home base house, you will have an opportunity to shower before sharing in a delicious, traditional-Dominican meal, after which the tables will be cleared and the sound system will come out. Music and dance feature strongly in Dominican culture, so in keeping with our host nation’s customs, we wish to throw a party as a welcome to you! Day 3 MORNING: Breakfast & Worksite Several volunteers will get up early to help prepare breakfast for the group. Afterward, most of the group will board the guagua and head to the worksite while the remaining members stay behind to visit the market and grocery store to do some shopping for the group (over the course of the week, each member of the group will have this opportunity). While at the worksite, you might be put to use digging a trench for a foundation, mixing concrete to building a roof, painting a wall, or any other task that needs completing that day. AFTERNOON: Beach Trip We believe hard work should be balanced with some fun! You’ll have lunch at the community center in San Luis, then head to one of the Dominican Republic’s beautiful, world-renown beaches. Here you can swim in the Caribbean Sea, drink directly from a coconut, and play in the sun. EVENING: Dinner & Reflection When the group gets back to the house, you’ll have another delicious Dominican dinner waiting for you. After dinner, TBF staff will lead the group in the first Reflection, providing you and your group an opportunity to process this new and often challenging experience. Through a series of structured and unstructured activities, group members will be able to make individual and collective meaning of their experiences. Day 4 MORNING: Breakfast & Worksite After breakfast, you’ll board the guagua and head to Naranjo for a morning of hard work, picking up where you left off the previous day and continuing to build relationships with our staff and community partners while being part of valuable community-driven infrastructure work. AFTERNOON: Visit to Yabacao Yabacao is a more rural batey that TBF visits to engage in important outreach work. The group will go on a walking tour led by a community member, meet batey residents, distribute medicine, and play with the local kids. Evening: Dinner & Dance Lessons After dinner, our talented staff will teach the basics of merengue, bachata, and salsa. Group members will learn to recognize the different types of music, master the basic steps, and even a few fancy spins! Day 5 MORNING: Breakfast & Worksite In the morning, you’ll head to the worksite, where there is a lot of work still to be done. Group members will continue projects from the previous day. AFTERNOON: Worksite The group will have lunch and a rest period at the community center in San Luis, then head back to Naranjo. Volunteers and trip participants are essential to the completion of projects, and for that reason, the group will put in a full day at the worksite. EVENING: Dinner & Reflection Another delicious dinner will be waiting for the group at the home base house. After dinner, the group will participate in another guided Reflection. Members will have the chance to talk about cultural differences they’ve notice and some of the more challenging things they have seen. Day 6 MORNING: Breakfast & Worksite There is always more work to be done, so the group will return to the worksite in the morning. By this point, group members will have the opportunity to start taking the lead and begin engaging in new, more complex work. AFTERNOON: Walking Tour of the Plaza de la Independencia & Market Shopping Santo Domingo has a rich and vibrant—not to mention controversial—history. Your group will have the opportunity to view the walls of the colonial city and visit the plaza dedicated to the Dominican Republic’s founders. Afterward, you will visit a pedestrian street market where group members will be able to purchase souvenirs to share with friends and family at home. EVENING: Dinner & Walking Tour of the Colonial City Your group will stay in the Zona Colonial and enjoy a dinner at one of the many restaurants in the area. Afterward, you will tour to Zona Colonial and some of its many historic sites, including the first cathedral built in the Americas, the house where Hernan Cortez lived, La Fortealeza, and the National Pantheon of the Dominican Republic. The evening will end with some seaside ice cream on the Malecon. Day 7 MORNING: Breakfast & Worksite Your group will have one final morning at the worksite. This valedictory site visit will be devoted to completing your portion of the infrastructure project, as well as saying goodbye to the many community members and children you have been working with over the past week. AFTERNOON: Baseball in Naranjo After one last lunch at the worksite, dust off your baseball gloves (don’t worry, we will provide them). Baseball and softball are very popular in the Dominican Republic. Your group will challenge a team of local children, teens, and adults in a friendly, fun-filled softball game. EVENING: Dinner, Final Reflection, & Goodbye Party You’ll return to the home base house for one final, delicious, Dominican dinner. TBF staff will lead the group in a final reflection to process the entirety of your experience. Afterward, staff, friends, and community partners will arrive at the home base house for a final goodbye dance party. Day 8 DEPART FOR THE UNITED STATES 