Your Itinerary Includes Hellenic Essence – 10 Days, 8 Nights – Athens, Mykonos, Santorini Day 1 - Athens
Pack your bags, you are off to Greece! Day 2 - Athens
Welcome to Athens! Upon arrival at Eleftherios Venizelos
International Airport, you will be greeted by your Hellenic
Holidays transfer representative, who will drive you to your hotel.
Enjoy the remainder of your day exploring Athens. You might
stroll the old neighborhoods of Plaka, which mingle old & new
Athens or explore the vibrant neighborhoods of Monastiraki and
Kolonaki.
restaurant
recommendations sampling wonderful Greek cuisine. amazing sure Be to try our Day 3 – Athens (B)
After breakfast, your day will begin with your private half day
walking tour. Along with your English speaking licensed guide,
you will visit the Acropolis and the awesome temples of the
Parthenon, the Erectheion and the Athena Nike. Your walk will
continue to the Areopagus, or Hill of Mars. Finally, you pass the
Odeon of Herodes Atticus, where you can still enjoy concerts
and theatrical performances in the summer months. The tour
will conclude with a visit to the Acropolis Museum exhibiting the
glory of Ancient Athens. flight or Day 4 – Athens / Mykonos (B)
After breakfast, your Hellenic Holidays transfer representative,
will pick you up from your hotel and drive you to the airport / port
for your short
ferry ride to Mykonos. Mykonos is
renowned for its cosmopolitan character, spectacular beaches
and intense nightlife. Enjoy the remainder of the day soaking in
the Greek sun at one of the island’s spectacular beaches or by
your hotel’s pool. Take a stroll
through the white washed
cobblestone paths visiting the local shops as well Mykonos’ most
recognized landmark, the famous windmills. Consider dinner at
one of our recommended restaurants, enjoy the Myconian vibe
and a great meal. the most to one of Day 5 – Mykonos (B)
Your Day is at leisure. While in Mykonos, consider a quick sail
over
important mythological and
archaeological sites in Greece, the uninhabited island of Delos.
These optional tours are available at the front desk of your hotel.
According to legend, Leto gave birth to Artemis and Apollo here.
Delos had a position as a holy sanctuary for a millennium before
Greek Mythology made it the birthplace of Apollo and Artemis.
The remains of temples, holy places and settlements date back
from the Neolithic to the Roman periods. While in Delos, a must
see is the famous row of Lions and the Sanctuary of Apollo. Day 6 – Mykonos (B)
Enhance your senses by swimming, sunbathing and enjoying a
range of water sports at some of Mykonos’ most spectacular
sandy beaches. Melt your stresses away with a spa treatment at
one of the island’s many great spas. You are now comfortably
Myconian, so make your final visit in the main town of Chora for
some last minute purchases or experience another great
evening in the Jewel of the Cyclades. Day 7 – Mykonos / Santorini (B)
Goodbye Mykonos, Hello Santorini! After breakfast, your Hellenic
Holidays transfer
representative will drive you to the port of
Mykonos where you embark on a 2 and half hour sail aboard a
high speed ferry to Santorini. Santorini
is most known for its
breathtaking views of the red and brown layers of volcanic ash that
makes its famous cliffside. You will be driven to your hotel
overlooking the majestic caldera. Spend the rest of
the day
enjoying the romantic atmosphere of the island. Perched on a cliff
with breathtaking views of the sunsets and the sea below creates
the perfect setting for the next few days. Day 8 – Santorini (B,D)
After breakfast enjoying caldera views, your morning is at leisure.
In the early afternoon, you will be driven to the port of Vlihada or
Ammoudi where you will embark on the sailing trip that we have
arranged. You will sail
the
Venetian Lighthouse and the Sulphur Springs. During these visits,
you will have the opportunity to swim and snorkel. You will then
sail to a secluded bay where while you swim or relax, a lavish
steak and seafood barbecue with many appetizers and salads is
being prepared for you to enjoy. to the Red and White beaches, Day 09 – Santorini (B)
Your last day in Santorini. You might consider visiting the famous
village of Oia. Some enjoy the day by taking a donkey ride down
from Oia to Ammoudi where they swim, eat and then return back
to Oia to take in one of the world’s famous sunsets. Others explore
Oia’s local souvenir shops or visit some of the local artists whose
display their work of the landscape. What better way to end your
stay in Greece, by dining at one of
the local restaurants we
recommend with those majestic views. Day 10 – Santorini / Athens / Home
Your Hellenic Holidays transfer representative will drive you to the
airport
to Athens connecting to your flight
home. for your short flight Key: (B) Breakfast, (L) Lunch, (D) Dinner Note: The itinerary we have created above is flexible and can be
tailored along with the destinations and activities offered.
It
represents a sample of the many alternatives that we offer. Land Only Prices for this deluxe itinerary start from: $2,358 pp in April – May September – October $2,879 pp in June – August Travel from April 20th – October 15th. Customize this Journey: If you would like to customize this itinerary and create a Tailor-Made Journey for you and your companions, please e-mail us or speak to your favorite travel professional. Terms & Conditions RESERVATION PROCESS Your Confirmation of Services: Once you review and accept our itinerary by letter or e-mail, a per person deposit in the amount of $800 is
necessary to proceed with your booking. Of this deposit, $ 250 per person is non-refundable. Upon receipt of the required deposit, Hellenic
Holidays will immediately book your travel arrangements.
If travel dates are within 60 days of this reservation request, full payment is
required to proceed with services. The receipt of your deposit and/or final payment will
indicate that you have read these Terms and
Conditions, and that you have agreed to them. Late reservations (those received less than 30 days prior to departure) will be charged an
additional $95 on the final itinerary to cover addition costs. Applicants residing outside the United States will not be accepted. Wedding
requests must be made a minimum of three months prior to departure. COSTS / PAYMENTS Tour prices: This tour is based on 2017 prices and tariffs. The foreign exchange rate in effect is ($1= .97 Euros). It is impossible to
foreshadow accurately fluctuations in exchange rates or increases to the cost element of your travel arrangements such as airfare, fuel,
airport charges, entrance fees, and other service providers’ tariffs. In the event of such fluctuations or increases affecting the prices which
we pay for transportation, entrance fees, and services generally, we reserve the right to adjust our prices as may be necessary at any time
up to your departure. This tour is based on (2) passengers in double occupancy. If the number of travelers changes, the cost will change
also.
In addition, if the dollar depreciates more than 5%, we reserve the right to debit your account for additional costs up to 10 business
days after receipt of final payment. Further, the price of each travel package is based on the given itinerary and service list, including
specific hotels for travel during the time you requested. Note: Services have NOT been confirmed pending your approval of our vacation
blueprint. All services are based on availability at the time of booking, thus prices may need to be adjusted as travel dates are determined
and services are confirmed. Accommodations in our recommended packages have been chosen in consultation with you to reflect your
needs and preferences for charm, service, location and cost. Deposit & Payment: A $800 per person deposit ($250 per person is NON refundable) is required to proceed with your booking. Your
retainer will additionally be applied toward your trip. This deposit doesn’t include your travel insurance premium. Your final payment is due
60 days prior to departure. Reservations are subject to cancellation if final payment is not received by the due date. If you wish to purchase
additional services from Hellenic Holidays as you travel, your signature on your registration form authorizes us to charge your credit card for
the agreed upon cost of those services as well as any change fees that may apply. Payments must be made in U.S. funds by personal or
company check, bank check, cash, or credit card (American Express, VISA and MasterCard). Please make checks payable to Hellenic
Holidays, Inc. Cancellation and Refund: All cancellation and refund requests must be received in writing by Hellenic Holidays. Cancellation or refund
dates are computed from the date of receipt of written notification. All cancellations are subject to an administration fee of $175 per person
if received 90 days or more prior to departure or sailing date, $350 per person if received between 89 to 29 days, 75 % of tour price if
received 28-10 days and non refundable if 9 days or less. Additionally, any cancellation fees imposed by the respective hotels, airlines, tour
companies and cruise lines will be charged. The travel
insurance premium is non-refundable. Hellenic Holidays must normally make
substantial payments to suppliers far in advance of the scheduled departure date. In the unlikely event that a trip must be canceled due to
force majeure (acts of God, war, labor strikes, earthquakes, flooding etc.) we will promptly refund the portion of the trip cost not advanced to
suppliers and use our best efforts to recover and refund the balance as promptly as possible. Hellenic Holidays does not guarantee
recovery of any or all of the advance payments made and our best efforts to recover these payments will not include the institution of any
legal proceedings in foreign jurisdictions. In addition, Hellenic Holidays is not responsible and will not refund any additional expenses you
may have incurred should a trip be canceled (i.e. purchase of non-refundable airline tickets, visa fees, equipment or additional
accommodations).We are not responsible for any costs incurred to travel delays, flight cancellations, or sickness. Change of Service Policy: All requests for deviation from the given itinerary and services must be submitted in writing. In addition, once
services are booked any requested changes will incur a minimum fee of $75 plus any cancellation fees charged by suppliers. For example,
once Domestic Greek or Turkish Air and ferry tickets have been issued, changes may incur penalties imposed by the carrier. Extension: If you wish to extend your travel at the beginning or end of the stated itinerary, we would be happy to assist you with those
arrangements. Contact us for information. Cruises: All cruise cabins have private facilities. All tours are based on minimum inside cabins with two lower beds.
Supplements for higher category cabins than provided are available. Port charges and shore excursions are additional. Shore excursions
may be purchased at time of reservation. Insurance: Tour participants are strongly recommended to purchase insurance for trip cancellation, trip interruption, accident, sickness
and/or loss of baggage and personal effects. Terms & Conditions - Continued Itinerary Changes: As travel arrangements are made far in advance and unforeseen circumstances may require last minute adjustments,
we reserve the right to change the itinerary for any reason at any time. In addition, all sailing itineraries are weather permitting. Luggage Requirements of Domestic Greek and or Turkish Airlines: If your itinerary includes domestic flights in Greece or Turkey, be
aware that the baggage allowance for international flights is generally greater than the allowance for domestic flights. Contact us for
additional information. Travel Documents: U.S. citizens are required to have a valid passport. For U.S. Citizens, no visa is required for travel in Greece. For U.S.
citizens, a visa is required for travel in Turkey. Your visa can be obtained at the airport or port of entry. It is the responsibility of each
individual participant to make sure of all of his/her legal documents necessary for travel is valid. It is generally necessary for your passport
to be valid for six (6) months beyond the date of your return to the United States. Excursions and Sightseeing: All excursions are specified in respective tour packages and will be provided with deluxe motor coaches and
locally escorted by English speaking guides. Most entrance fees to places visited are included. Gratuities: Tipping to guides, drivers, transfer personnel, and hotel staff is left to the discretion of the participants and is not included.
Gratuities for cruise staff is pooled and suggested gratuities can be advised. Concerns: As you travel, if you should encounter any difficulty with any of the arrangements that Hellenic Holidays has made for you (i.e.
hotel, transfers, excursions etc.) please address your concerns first to on-site personnel (e.g. the hotel manager, car rental company
representative). If you concern is not dealt with to you satisfaction, please then contact our in country representative. It is very difficult to
assist you if you have not reported your concern immediately at the time that a problem has occurred. © Hellenic Holidays, Inc.
Rev 07 / 2016 