ThailandSIM CARD: There are many different 4G plans ranging from 7 days to a year. Since we are staying in Thailand for 3 months we got a month-by-month 4G plan that costs 350 baht ($10.47 USD) for 10 GB of data and 200 minutes of calling. Pretty sweet, huh? Beats plans in the US any day!Scams to AvoidJust like any big city, scams can happen. It is good to be aware of some of the common scams so you can avoid them.Tuk Tuk: Determine a price before getting into a tuk tuk, as there is no meter. And once you're on your way, don't let the driver take you anywhere other than your intended destination. Some tuk tuk drivers may offer to take you to souvenir shops with "the best deals", but they will make a commission on your sale. Taxi: Be sure to tell the taxi driver you want to use the meter. Often times when a foreigner gets in their car, they will try to set a rate that is much higher than the meter would be.Grand Palace: As described in #3 above, there are some people that will try to tell you the Grand Palace is closed for a religious ceremony (or for other reasons). They will try to take you in their tuk tuk to other parts of the city. Ignore them and keep walking.Purse: Just like in many big cities, be wary of wearing a cross-body purse. Be sure to hold onto it, as letting it fall at your side can leave it vulnerable to pickpockets in crowds, or even thieves on passing motorbikes. Incorrect Change: When paying for something with a large bill (especially the 1,000 baht), make sure you get the correct change. It shouldn't be a problem at established stores, but sometimes street vendors will claim you gave them a 100 baht bill. Or they may hand you incorrect change and hope you're unfamiliar with the currency and won't notice. BANGKOKAttractions:  is the most popular tourist site and is one of the best things to do in Bangkok. It was once home to the royal family and where the government did their work. Beware of scams, only pay for entry once inside the grounds which will cost 500 baht. And wear clothes that cover up or you’ll be renting some!Shoulders must be covered: This means no tank tops or sleeveless shirts for men or women. You may wear a tank top, but cover up with a cardigan before entering. T-shirts are okay. Knees must be covered: This means you must wear pants or a dress/skirt that falls below your knees. And guys, your 90's style shorts that sag down past your knees are not acceptible... for many reasons. No tight clothing: Don’t wear leggings or a tight dress/skirt that could be seen as inappropriate. Dressing in loose clothing will also keep you cooler.No see-through clothing: This is pretty self-explanatory.No flip-flops allowed: You can wear sandals, but they must have a back strap to be acceptable. Hats are okay to wear and can provide you with a bit of shade.Wear shoes that are comfortable and are easy to slip on and off. There are some places within the grounds that you will need to remove your shoes in order to enter. There are racks to store your shoes, but beware that sometimes shoes are stolen, so don’t wear your favorite, most expensive designer shoes!  Wat Pho: Reclining BuddhaWat Pho also holds the largest collection of Buddha images in Thailand and has two areas where Thai massage is practiced inside the complex.Jim Thompson’s House: American Silk spy, vanished in Malaysia, home in Thai style, admission fee goes to underprivileged kids Lumpini Park  provides a nice green space for locals and visitors alike for relaxing. It’s named after Buddha’s birthplace in Nepal. Can rent paddle boats across the fake lake Massage: Your best bet is to ask your accommodation where the best places are near you to get a massage.Take a tuk tuk for transportationFlower Market: best at nightThe Pak Khlong Market is only 2 km west of Chinatown, so you should pair them together in the same night. Nightlife: Soi Cowboy: This street caters mostly to tourists and expats but it’s famous for the scene that was filmed here from The Hangover II.Khao San Road (backpacker capital of the world) have your toes nibbled by doctor fishLike Las Vegas Food Activities Chatchukka Weekend Market! Don’t miss 9 a.m. to 6:30 p.m. every Saturday and Sunday.Floating Market (come early) Popular ones: Khlong Lat Mayom and Thaling ChanRestaurants: Rooftop Bars: Some of the best ones to check out are Vertigo and Moon Bar, Octave and Sky Bar. There are so many it’s best to do your research and find the one best suited for your budget, location and desired height.Somsong (mom and pop shop)Kanom Beung Bang Mae Prapa (traditional Thai crepes)Nataporn Ice CreamKor Panich (mango and sticky rice)Kim LengTep Bar (classier)Islamic Home Cuisine (biryani)Author’s Lounge (Tea time experience must book ahead!) J'AIME by Jean-Michel Lorain (make reservation!)Sunday Brunch at the Anantara Siam BangkokBook your table in advance to enjoy the entire three-and-a-half-hour feast. Sra Bua by Kiin Kiin (modernist, not cheap)Eathai (like Eataly) Mae Waree Mango Sticky RiceOr Tor Kor MarketChinatown: Here the streets will come alive at nights with stalls packed in and serving some of the best seafood in the city. It’s a  and here you’ll find plenty of dishes that you won’t be able to find anywhere else in the city.find endless food stalls, serving up everything here from ice cream to bird nest soup to the incredibly popular Yaowarat Toasted BreadExpique  (4 hours) KANCHANABURITrains leave twice daily – one at 7:35 a.m. and the other at 1:35 p.m. It's about a 3-hour ride from the Thonburi Railway station on the west side of Bangkok.Tip: Have the staff at your guesthouse write the train station name and address in Thai. Many taxi drivers we talked to were very confused, even though it’s not a far ride from the center of town. One way to avoid the confusion of using the train is to ahead of time. Erawan Falls National Park - KanchanaburiBuses run infrequently and take 2 hours to get to the falls, so if you’re arriving by morning train, it is a better option to hire a songthaew (pickup truck with benches).The ride will take 45-60 minutes and cost 1,200 baht for a round trip. We gathered a group from our hotel so we could split the cost.At 300 baht, the entrance fee for foreigners seems steep, but we found it to be completely worth the price.When you enter the park, you’ll find 7-layers of crystal clear water with pools you can splash around in, and dirt paths to explore. The waterfalls furthest from the entrance close early, so hike all the way to the seventh and work your way back to the start. The best waterfalls for swimming are 2, 4, 5 and 7.The last bus of the day leaves at 4 p.m., so if you hired a driver, you’ll be able to explore the park after the crowds leave until it closes at 6 p.m.Once you're done, head back to town and get dinner at . Located right across the river with a stunning view, this Thai fusion restaurant will wow even the snobbiest foodieWATER/ISLANDSunderwater explorations, market shopping, forest trekking, national park, temple and museum hopping, and binge-eating of street foods#3 – Island lifeIt’s not a secret how prevalent Professional Association of Diving Instructors (PADI) certification course is in Thailand. After all, who wouldn’t plunge in its breath-taking underwater world? Joining this course will cost you for about 10,000 THB, which probably comes with an accommodation. Ko Tao is said to be the cheapest place to scuba dive, while Siliman Islands is the best diving spot.Meanwhile, beach bumming in the pristine islands of Similian Ko Samui, Ko Taruato, Ko Lanta, Ko Samet, Ko Chang, and Ko Jum shouldn’t also be missed. The mermaid in you surely won’t be disappointed!CHIANG MAIholds a lot of markets for you to shop from, four of which are Warorot Market, Morning Market, JJ Market, and Kad Rincome Fashion Market where you can buy artisan items, spa products, clothes, antique finds, ceramics, handicrafts, and authentic Thai food, to name a few!Chatuchak Weekend Market is also a hefty place to shop in for some lamps, Siamese cats, wares, silks, and provocative wildlife pieces like hornbills and gibbons.Elephant Conservation CenterElephant Nature Park located near Chiang Mai has a great reputation Prep up your legs for Soppong, Khao Sok National Park, Khao Yai National Park, Chiang Mai, Chiang Rai, Ko Tarutao, Pai, Mae Hong Son, Nan, Doi Inyjanon National Park, and Um Phang, among others. You got a lot of work to do here, I tell you.ActivitiesElephant Nature ParkBUA THONG sticky waterfallsTemples Wat Pha Lat (hike to a temple)Doi Suthep (beautiful temple)How to do a Monk Chat:It's super easy. At Wat Suan Dok, just show up between 5-7 p.m. on a Monday, Wednesday or Friday. You will sign in with your name and nationality and be assigned to a monk. Be sure to wear appropriate clothing that covers your shoulders and everything above your knees.Chiang Mai Women’s Correctional institute massageThere are three options for massages (Prices are from 2015, and may have increased since then): 1-hour foot massage (150 baht), 1-hour Thai massage (180 baht), and 2-hour Thai massage (360 baht). “Best massage in Thailand” Must arrive early to get a massage (10 am got 2:45 pm slot)Other massages: Kiriya Spa Vana (pricier, but best experience)Nimman House (cheaper still good) Markets: Chiang Mai Night BazaarMalin Market: This is our favorite market to get dinner and do some shopping. If you are over by Chiang Mai University, pop over to Malin Night Market. There are artists selling jewelry and clothes stalls with cheap price tags (not souvenir-type items). The food court is great too! You won't find many forigners here -- mainly Thai university students. Night lifeCabaret Show Free Yoga: Nong Buak Hard Park: Free classes daily from 9 - 10:15 a.m. If you don't have your own mat, you can rent a straw mat for 15 baht. Join the  for more info. One Nimman: Every Tuesday (Hatha) and Thursday (Hatha Vinyasa, there are free yoga classes at One Nimman from 9:30 - 10:30 a.m. They also offer free Swing Dance and Salsa lessons throughout the week.  (It is in Thai, but you can have Google translate it.)Food: Huay Tung Tao Lake (eat lunch in floating bungalow)Khao Soi iCowboy Hat Lady featured on Anthony Bourdain's show Parts Unknown serving Khao Kha Mo (Thai-style stewed pork leg). Her stall is located near the north gate of the old city at the Chang Phuek Market. The pork and rice dish can be served in a small size (40 baht) or a large size (50 baht) and it literally melts in your mouth.Free Bird Cafe hosts a Women's Lunch every Wednesday from 12 - 2 p.m. where you can mingle with other female travelers passing through or meet women who call Chiang Mai home. (proceeds go to Burmese refugees)Cooking class:   Thai Organic Cookery School that’s waiting to hone you the inner chef in you.1450 Baht (best food, most professional, full day)A Lot of Thai (made famous by Gordon Ramsey and run by international TV chef) Full Day: 1300Half day: 1000Thai Farming School (a little outside city, but beautiful, highest rated) -3000 reviewsFull Day: 1500 Basil Cookery School (focus on one-on-one time) Half Day: 1000Thai Orchid Cookery School (focus on “love”) and offer signature dishesFull Day: 1200Half Day: 1000#12 – Rest your bones with some traditional massageOther than curling up yourself to sleep, having a traditional massage is totally a rejuvenating way to cap off your tiring Thailand exploration. With the combined power of yoga and acupressure, I bet you’ll be well-prepared for your next backpacking trip after this!Date Activities Wednesday, May 23 Arrive in Bangkok @ 7:00pm, check into Bangkok Airbnb Thursday, May 24  Reclining Buddha  Lunch: Chote Chitr Dessert: Kor Panich  Grand Palace 2:00 tea time authors lounge  Dinner: Chinatown, T & K Seafood, Kuay Jab Nai Huan OR Jok Kitchen (needs reservation!) Pak Khlong Market (flower market) YaoWoRat Road at Night Wat MongKon Kamalawat (Chinese temple, floating flowers)  Dessert in Chinatown: Raan Look Khing  Friday, May 25 More Bangkok explore: Morning: Floating Market  1:00: Sra Bua 4:00 Author’s Lounge tea time  Night: Khao San Road (backpacker capital of the world)  have your toes nibbled by doctor fish Like Las Vegas  Saturday, May 26 More Bangkok explore:  Chatchukka Weekend Market 9 a.m. to 6:30 p.m. every Saturday and Sunday Prik Yuak (recommended Stand) Sky bar  Sunday, May 27 Kanchanaburi day trip – bus to Kanchanaburi, Erawan Waterfalls, Leave Kanchanaburi via bus back to Bangkok  Monday, May 28 Flight from Bangkok to Chiang Mai, check in to Chiang Mai Airbnb Tuesday, May 29 Elephant Nature Park (book)  Wednesday, May 30  Chiang Mai: cooking class  Thursday, May 31 More Chiang Mai explore Friday, June 1 Flight from Chiang Mai to Krabi airport, taxi to Ao Nang, ferry from Ao Nang to West Railay (booking needed), check into Railay Airbnb (booking request sent and confirmed), explore Railay beaches  Saturday, June 2 Ferry from Krabi to Koh Phi Phi (book), check into Koh Phi Phi Airbnb, explore Sunday, June 3 More Koh Phi Phi Monday, June 4 More Koh Phi Phi Tuesday, June 5 Check out of Koh Phi Phi hotel, check into Maya Bay Sleepaboard Resort at 2:45pm (snorkeling included)  Wednesday, June 6 Travel to Koh Pha Ngan (booking needed), check into Koh Pha Ngan Airbnb  Thursday, June 7 Explore Koh Pha Ngan Friday, June 8 Ferry from Koh Pha Ngan to Krabi (booking needed) , flight from Krabi to Bangkok, Bangkok Airbnb (1 night)  Saturday, June 9	 Leave Bangkok at 5:30pm for 9:25pm flight Maggie leave bangkok for 5:35pm flight    Thursday  June 14 Leave Beijing 6:45am Arrive Bangkok 2:50pm  Friday  June 15  Leave Bangkok 9:25pm 